[Music]
25 mind-blowing things you've never seen
the world is full of miracles
unfortunately being busy with work study
kids and daily routine people don't even
think about the incredible things that
surround them sometimes you catch a
glimpse of something curious on TV
sometimes it's a story someone has told
you but most often even if you have the
knowledge of something you might not
have the slightest idea of how it looks
do you want to see the far side of the
Moon have you ever heard of a brick road
machine perhaps you wonder if it is
possible to see the sunrise and the
sunset at the same time we are going to
reveal some previously hidden things
this video will make you wonder just how
rich in mysteries and wonders our planet
is number 25 the Gutenberg Bible this
book also known as the 42 line Bible
symbolizes the beginning of book
printing in Europe Johannes Gutenberg
released the first edition in the early
1450s historians claimed that there were
185 copies of the Bible in total 150 on
paper and 35 on parchment today there
are only 48 copies and most of them are
incomplete
number 24 Alcatraz Alcatraz is the most
famous prison in the world in global
culture literature and history this
place was a prison that no one could
break out of it's located on Alcatraz
Island in San Francisco Bay tourists now
have a chance to visit the island and
the former prison did you know that the
name Alcatraz has the meaning strange
birds it refers to the pelicans who tend
to live in the area number 23 the far
side of the Moon you can't see this side
from Earth but there are lots of photos
taken from space there are two seas on
the moon's surface the sea of Moscow and
the sea of dreams
moreover the biggest lunar craters are
also located there number 22 deep blue
the computer that beat a human at chess
[Music]
in 1997 this chess-playing computer
defeated chess world champion Garry
Kasparov this event caused a lot of
worries people were afraid that robots
would conquer the world and enslave
people but have a look at deep blue does
it really seem so threatening
[Music]
number 21 35 ounce plastic bottle this
one may come as a shock boy you see is a
35% plastic bottle before it is heated
and inflated number 20 Mona Lisa in fact
the masterpiece isn't as majestic as it
is usually depicted on TV the Lula's
original is pretty small its height is
30 inches and the width is 21 inches a
curious fact about this painting is that
Napoleon had it hanging on the wall in
his bedroom he used to spend long hours
admiring Mona Lisa's Beauty number 19 a
brick road machine this machine can
easily replace a group of workers with
only one move it lays a wide brick road
it has semi automatic settings the
bricks it sets down are interlocked and
to be sealed they just need to be
covered with a thin layer of sand
[Music]
number 18 sunrise and sunset at the same
time many people would love to see a
solar eclipse but what about a
simultaneous sunset and sunrise there
are even fewer people who have managed
to see such an incredible phenomenon it
may happen in polar regions but it's
tough to calculate the probability of
such a thing to happen number 17 the
appendix what do we know about this part
of the body only that it can be inflamed
and removed by surgeons the appendix is
a worm-like tube extending from the
cecum of the large intestine its length
is 3 to 5 inches and its diameter is
0.02 inches if the appendix becomes
inflamed it gets swollen and blood-red
in color
number 16 a snake skin
[Music]
let's have a closer look at the shed
snakeskin it's a real masterpiece isn't
it
contrary to humans and animals for whom
shedding skin is an ongoing process
snakes shed it from time to time and in
one piece snakes do it to grow bigger
and to get rid of the parasites dwelling
in their old covering by the way a snake
can explode after eating a meal too
large for it some types of snakes have
more than 200 teeth however they use
them not to chew but to prevent their
prey from organizing its escape a very
convenient feature for a snake survival
is the number of meals it means to have
per year to stay healthy from 6 to 30
number 15 the pen at ease according to
Roman mythology the pen at ease are the
household deities people used to return
to their pen a days after war or hunting
as a rule each family had two pinatas
whose images decorated a fireside
number fourteen underfloor heating
here's how underfloor heating looks
during lane this type of heating is
becoming very popular for keeping
British houses warm if you take a look
at Scandinavian countries you will learn
that more than eighty percent of
domestic accommodations use this type of
heating number thirteen one million
colors each pixel differs in color in
this picture and the definite number of
them is 1 million it is actually not so
many a human eye can distinguish between
ten million colors a fact you probably
didn't know according to the research
the most popular color in the world is
blue 40% of people who took part in a
survey chose it as their favorite color
[Music]
number twelve the United States Mexico
border through the Algodones dunes the
barrier between the USA and Mexico
consists of high and narrow components
that can go up and down they take their
shape according to the constantly
changing dunes number 11
Chinese curly chicken look at this
beauty this chicken was hatched in April
2013 in a Chinese village it looked
pretty ordinary when it was a baby but
after it molted cute curly feather
started to grow over its whole body the
bird became a real star among the
villagers and throughout the world
number 10 the hyung a guesthouse or the
crazy house this is not an old trunk nor
is it a rock it is a guest house in
dalat vietnam it resembles a huge tree
decorated with mushrooms animal skins
caves and a giant cobweb its owner
na got her education in China and
continued it at the University of Moscow
earning a degree in architecture she
creates her masterpieces not from
blueprints but paintings at first she
wasn't planning to turn her dwelling
into a guest house but was time it
became a famous tourist attraction
number nine a graveyard for unsold cars
millions of cars are not destined to
meet their owners because new models
come to the market all the time and
people refuse to buy their expensive
predecessors for example if you look at
such a producer as Nissan you'll see
that around the factories test track
there are thousands of cars left unsold
[Music]
number eight lightning
a tourist managed to take a photo of
lightning that hit their cellphone Wow
such a brave and motivated amateur
photographer number seven the crowned
evil foot the crowned eagle is one of
the most dangerous eagles in the world
its weight reaches 7 pounds and its
length is about 2.6 feet the wingspan of
this enormous bird is as wide as 5.9
feet however the most interesting thing
about the crowned eagle is that it is an
adrenaline junkie you will agree if you
see its courtship at least once the male
ascends and dives
several times at the very top of each
ascent it waits for the female if one of
them accepts the male's call they lock
their talons and start to fall to the
ground they let go of each other just
before they hit the surface number 6 a
newly born eagle
this is what an eagle nestling looks
like it's just hatched and has nothing
in common with a powerful predator but
all in good time number five the most
expensive metal in the world
[Music]
0.03 five ounces of radioactive
californium two fifty two costs you'll
never believe it twenty seven million
dollars
this element is human-made and can treat
some types of cancer detect silver and
gold that might be in or and even oil
that might be at the bottom of a well no
wonder the cost is exorbitant number
four the world's darkest material
vantablack is the blackest material in
the world it absorbs 99% of light and
makes 3d objects look like 2d ones in
fact it is made of tiny carbon tubes
which are hollow the width of such a
tube is that of a single atom with an
area of 0.4 square inches there are
approximately 1000 million such
nanotubes they are grown in a special
laboratory and the process of their
creation is just too complicated so no
you won't buy it to color your car
[Music]
number three rubber tire remains on the
asphalt these are the tire remains taken
from the asphalt after a drag racing
event perhaps you'll be delighted to
know that the largest producer of tires
is Lego this company manufactures 306
millions of tiny tires annually number
two point Nemo it's so far from
everything that the nearest humans are
often astronauts another name of this
point is pole of inaccessibility number
one secret area six everyone has heard
about the famous area 51 located in the
south of Nevada but not so many people
know about area 6 situated just 80 miles
away from Las Vegas the US government
admitted the existence of this area
three years ago dissimilar to area 51
with its shoot-to-kill protection area 6
has plain fences and checkpoints for
visitors it is even visible from the
tour buses running along the highway
however nobody knows for sure the exact
purpose of this base
[Music]
[Applause]
which fact have you found the most
exciting and jaw-dropping
tell us in the comments section below
share this video with your friends and
hit the like button below the video join
us on the bright side
[Music]